hey guys today's outside oh here with
red carpet report today we're at the
ally Film Festival for the world's
premiere of MTV's new show screen the TV
series we're doing good glad to be out
here I'm I'm doing well I'm the same
thing so tell us a little bit about your
role in the movie and hat I'm sorry I
can say movie TV series right I got like
screaming scream that okay tell us a
little bit about how you're part of the
show and what are your favorite scenes
to shoot so far my favorite scenes to
shoot well first off I'm playing Seth
Branson playing a high school teacher
who's a morally ambiguous individual my
favorite scenes to shoot so far I've
been the classroom scenes I've got some
pretty cool monologues that I've gotten
to talk about Aristotle and I talked
about the crucible tomorrow in Italy
yeah so I'm bringing up stuff that's
this you know groundbreaking for our
society in a lot of ways and I get to
introduce it into an audience that maybe
hasn't been exposed to it yet so that's
been my favorite things to shoot so far
so what was your first reaction when you
got the role I was super stoked that is
that I was sitting in Houston and at the
time and I just feel thankful for it I
think it's a really great opportunity to
be a part of a great cast we got great
people behind us with the Weinsteins and
MTV and dimension so it's it's a really
cool opportunity I feel used to remember
the first time you watched agree oh yeah
I was 96 I was like what 13 I think at
the time yeah I remember those movies
were great iconic I'm really fond Apple
I went back and watched a lot of them
again after the fact so it's it's been
fun are you like the kind of teacher
that every week brings out like a new
spooky kind of person talk about like
you can do like Edgar Allen Poe or
something don't know if we talked about
post specifically I feel like that would
be an obvious one but yeah we definitely
have introduced some things and then
usually the story that's going on sort
of overshoots my lectures so how do you
know when you get really scared after
watching a horror movie ah the only
movie that I've been like petrified in
petrified in was 28 days later and I
have like you know I had my anxiety
jumps to the ceiling my heart rate
starts going you know I have some having
this sort of tension all over and that's
what really gets you that's that's kind
of rare but for a movie to do that
there's certainly been some that have
done
are we gonna see a lot of horror slash
gory stuff here oh god I hope so I hope
is gonna be messy there's a mop
afterwards can so thank you so much for
talking to us enjoy your night thank you
thank you guys for watching our coverage
of the world premiere of MTV scream
don't forget to give us a thumbs up if
you like this video subscribe to our
YouTube channel for more videos and also
leave us a comment down below what's
your favorite scary movie